Hi, guys.
Workroom.
In this lecture, you're going to need to create the Google sign in method.
Okay, not to do this, we're going to need to go to our controllers directory.
Remember, our controllers directory is where we're going to be creating all our logics.
Right.
Okay.
So over this cultural as directory, you're going to create a new PHI, and so we're going to call this
Phi What's.
What's.
On the score.
Sorry.
Art on the score controller and then the section dot.
Dot.
Okay.
We can use control and beat to make this work.
Now, the first step we're going to take is we're going to create a class and as well we can call this
what's controller?
Okay.
And now we are going to create a function to assign end users using the Google sign in return.
So we're just gonna call this function sign in weeds.
Google.
Okay.
Now, this is going to take some time.
So it's going to take in something known as ASAP.
Okay, great.
Okay then.
And that's a sign in users, we're going to be using the package, which we recently started known as
Firebase Arts.
So if I yeah, we can initialize it so we can create a finite and we can call this ODS, there's going
to be equal to firebase.
Or it's.
Dot is tense.
Okay, great.
Now we can as well specify the type of variable is the type of base heart rate.
Great.
Okay.
And now we can sign in the user to sign in the user using Google.
All we just have to say is fine and we can store the results in a verbal card.
Google.
User.
And all we just have to say is equal to the Google package we installed.
Google sign in.
Yeah.
Then Dot.
Dodds.
Sign in.
Okay, so by doing this, we're going to sign in the user.
But the only issue is whether we'll have access to the user's detail.
Right.
We're just gonna sign in the user.
But we.
I never know.
We just recently signed in a user since we're not going to have access to the details.
Okay.
Now via we can specify the type of label is a type of Google.
Google sign in account.
Okay.
Over here, we can add this check to say it can be null and as well it's going to take some time so
we can then how we see it.
Okay.
So, yeah, this is all we need in order to sign in.
A user using the Google.
Okay, well, the only issue is we're not going to have access to the user details as we cannot save
the user details to our database.
Okay.
So what we're going to do is we're going to need to have access to the user details because as well,
we're going to store the user details in our database.
Right.
Okay.
So now to do that, first of all, we need to check if the user is authenticated.
That is, if the user is either logged in or not.
Okay.
So to do that, we are going to create a variable to store the results.
Google Arts.
Then we can say it quartz.
You remember this is the variable to sign in user, right?
So currently this has access to the sign in user.
Right.
So you can then see Google.
Google user that is available DOT authentication.
Okay.
So you are simply checking if the user is wanted to get it or not.
Over here we have had this logic and over here it wants us to specify the type of variable.
Okay.
So we can say is a type of Google.
This is a type of Google sign in.
Or execution.
Okay.
As all we can say.
FINA.
Okay.
Although it is going to take some time so we can therefore have weights.
Okay, great.
So if year.
We signed in the user.
And over here we are checking if the user is authenticated or not.
That is if the user is logged in or not.
Okay.
Or if the user was successfully signed in.
Now, what we're going to need to do now is to have access to the user conditions because they're going
to store that in our database.
Right.
Okay.
So to do that, all we just have to do is to create a web record credential created, then share.
Then it's going to be equal to go.
Go.
Go go provider.
You can get rid of this and dos Cavendish.
Okay.
As well.
We need to say this.
This if I know and where I think we need to hide this.
Okay.
So via this Google provider, this condition has a property known as assess token.
And this is going to be the Google Heights thoughts.
As is typical.
Over a year.
We can then.
Had this, you not check and it also has the I.D. Tucker and this is gonna be Google or its thoughts
Heidi took her.
And you had this and had your semi-colon.
So comma.
Okay, you can see over here we signed in the user rights and we also signed the results in the rainbow
cards.
We'll go use it.
Then over here you can see we are calling the Google user, right, because this Google user just signed
in the user.
So it's associated with our user.
And over here we are checking the user is either logged in or not.
Right.
Okay.
So we are more like transferring this report to this Google, right?
Right.
Okay.
And over here, the Google Heart also has access to the parents user rights.
So over here, we are simply having access to the user details.
Okay.
By saying when they shot this robot we created and Google had provider, the condition and access token
is equal to the this Google heart that US's second and Google heart that I took.
Okay great.
Now the final step is to store the user in this quantification tab that is this users tab.
Okay, not to do this, we are going to call that what we just talked about.
This number is installed the fabulous.
All right, so I'm going to use this rainbow.
Okay.
Where it initializing it?
Over here.
As you can see.
And.
Great not to do this.
All what you just have to do is say user is a credential.
It's a three day show.
Okay.
We can just go ahead and see.
This is a type of user acquisition and user recommendation.
Okay.
Most times you don't really have to specify the type, but most times it is needed.
You can see over here we did not specify the type.
Okay.
And so what we just have to say is to, first of all, says didn't wait.
And now we can't say a weight then that we're able to code on the scorecards and darts sign in.
Sign in with credentials.
You can see it automatically pass the arts credential this rebel right.
Because everyone has access towards the property.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand this, but if you don't is absolutely fine.
I believe as the process goes, you've got to understand everything.
Okay.
So this is basically all we need to do to save the user.
So this is us type, okay?